# newposstore-sdk-demo-kotlin
newposstore-sdk-demo-kotlin provides a simple and easy-to-integrate newposstore cloud platform service interface for third-party developers, allowing you to easily develop your own applications on newposstore.This project is developed using the Kotlin language

If you are more familiar with Java language development for Android, please go to Java project version.[<u>Java Project</u>](https://github.com/newposstoresupport/newposstore-sdk-demo-java)

The service currently includes basic capabilities and advanced capabilities, as follows:
# Basic Capabilities
1. [Inquirer update for 3rd party app](docs/InstallInquirerIntegration.md)
2. [LBS Positioning for 3rd party app](docs/LbsIntegration.md)
3. [Downloading parameters for 3rd party app](docs/DownloadIntegration.md)
4. [OTA Upgrade](docs/OTAIntegration.md)
5. [NewstoreSDK configuration for 3rd party app](docs/SDKConfigIntegration.md)
# Advanced Capabilities
1. [CloudMessage for 3rd party app](docs/CloudMsgIntegration.md)
2. [NewInsight for 3rd party industry app](docs/GoInsightIntegration.md)
3. [NewHotfix for 3rd party app](docs/HotFixIntegration.md)
4. [NewStack for 3rd party app](docs/StackIntegration.md)
5. [RKI for 3rd party app](docs/RkiIntegration.md)


By using this SDK, developers can easily integrate with NEWPOSSTORE. Please take care of your AppId、AppKey and AppSecret that generated by [NEWPOSSTORE cloud platform](https://newposstore.com/account/login?redirect=/account) when you create an ability app. [Go to Use](https://newposstore.com/account/login?redirect=/account).
<br>Refer to the following steps for integration.


## Requirements
**Android SDK version**
>SDK 29(Android 10+) or higher, depending on the terminal's ASmart OS version.

**Gradle's and Gradle plugin's version**
>Gradle version 7.0 or higher<br>
>Gradle plugin version 7.0.0+ or higher<br>
>Or directly use the gradle configuration of our demo project


## Releases
Our [change log]() has release history.

The latest release is available on [Maven Central](https://mvnrepository.com/).

```kotlin
    implementation("io.github.newposstoresupport:api:1.0.1")
    implementation("io.github.newposstoresupport:aidl:1.1")
```

## License

See the [Apache 2.0 license](https://github.com/PAXSTORE/paxstore-3rd-app-android-sdk/blob/master/LICENSE) file for details.

    Copyright 2025 NEWPOSTech CO., LTD ("NEWPOS")
    
    Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
    you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
    You may obtain a copy of the License at following link.
    
         http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
    
    Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
    distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
    WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
    See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
    limitations under the License.
